com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/save/SaveFragment.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.save.SaveFragment
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/search/SearchViewModel.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.search.SearchViewModel
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/network/NewsApi.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.network.NewsApi
com/laioffer/tinnews/MainActivity.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.MainActivity
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/home/CardSwipeAdapter.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.home.CardSwipeAdapter
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.home.CardSwipeAdapter$CardSwipeViewHolder
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/laioffer/tinnews/BuildConfig.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.BuildConfig
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/FragmentSaveBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.FragmentSaveBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/SearchNewsItemBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.SearchNewsItemBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/TinNewsApplication.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.TinNewsApplication
com/laioffer/tinnews/model/Article.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.model.Article
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/search/SearchFragment.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.search.SearchFragment
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.search.SearchFragment$1
com/laioffer/tinnews/repository/NewsRepository.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.repository.NewsRepository
 com.laioffer.tinnews.repository.NewsRepository$1
 com.laioffer.tinnews.repository.NewsRepository$2
com/laioffer/tinnews/model/NewsResponse.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.model.NewsResponse
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/search/SearchNewsAdapter.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.search.SearchNewsAdapter
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.search.SearchNewsAdapter$SearchNewsViewHolder
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/SwipeNewsCardBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.SwipeNewsCardBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/laioffer/tinnews/network/RetrofitClient.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.network.RetrofitClient
 com.laioffer.tinnews.network.RetrofitClient$1
 com.laioffer.tinnews.network.RetrofitClient$HeaderInterceptor
com/laioffer/tinnews/repository/NewsViewModelFactory.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.repository.NewsViewModelFactory
com/laioffer/tinnews/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.laioffer.tinnews.ui.home.HomeFragment
